ak_3-c-1400_ak_3-c-14_kv_iitpowai_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-234_1	once there lived a shepherd in a village he was a kind and good man he had a shepherd sheep one day he took the sheep to the riverside there was a lot of grass there for the sheep in the evening the shepherd took them back home he counted the sheep there were only ninety-nine one sheep was lost the shepherd was sad
ak_4-a-1100_ak_4-a-11_kv_iitpowai_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in bears bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as hibernate as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
ak_4-a-2200_ak_4-a-22_kv_dhule_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as hibernate as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
ak_4-a-400_ak_4-a-4_kv_dhule_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as hibernate as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
ak_4-d-400_ak_4-d-4_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as hibernate as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
ak_5-a-1100_ak_5-a-11_kv_solapur_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ak_5-b-600_ak_5-b-6_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ak_5-b-600_ak_5-b-6_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
ak_5-c-2300_ak_5-c-23_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ak_5-d-2600_ak_5-d-26_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
am_4-d-300_am_4-d-3_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as dangerous as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
am_5-a-200_am_5-a-2_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
am_5-a-200_am_5-a-2_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
am_5-a-2600_am_5-a-26_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
am_5-a-2600_am_5-a-26_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
am_5-a-2900_am_5-a-29_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
am_5-a-2900_am_5-a-29_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
am_5-b-100_am_5-b-1_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
am_5-b-100_am_5-b-1_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
am_5-b-3400_am_5-b-34_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
am_5-b-3400_am_5-b-34_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
am_5-b-4300_am_5-b-43_kv_aurangabadshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
am_5-b-4300_am_5-b-43_kv_aurangabadshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
an_3-a-1800_an_3-a-18_kv_dhule_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-234_2	he went out looking for the lost sheep he walked all the way back to the river at last late in the night he found the sheep in a bush the bush was full of thorns he got the sheep out and carried it home he was happy he showed the sheep to his friends all of them were happy too
an_5-a-4100_an_5-a-41_kv_iitpowai_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
ap_3-c-2800_ap_3-c-28_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-234_2	he went out looking for the lost sheep he walked all the way back to the river at last late in the night he found the sheep in a bush the bush was full of thorns he got the sheep out and carried it home he was happy he showed the sheep to his friends all of them were happy too
ap_5-a-100_ap_5-a-1_kv_aurangabadshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ap_5-a-100_ap_5-a-1_kv_aurangabadshift1_01092022-000000-2_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
ap_5-a-200_ap_5-a-2_kv_jalgaon_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ap_5-a-2200_ap_5-a-22_kv_aurangabadshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ap_5-a-5100_ap_5-a-51_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ap_5-a-5100_ap_5-a-51_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
ap_5-b-800_ap_5-b-8_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ap_5-c-200_ap_5-c-2_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ap_5-c-200_ap_5-c-2_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
ap_5-d-2900_ap_5-d-29_kv_iitpowai_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ar_5-a-300_ar_5-a-3_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
ar_5-a-300_ar_5-a-3_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
as_3-a-2500_as_3-a-25_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-234_2	he went out looking for the lost sheep he walked all the way back to the river at last late in the night he found the sheep in a bush the bush was full of thorns he got the sheep out and carried it home he was happy he showed the sheep to his friends all of them were happy too
as_4-a-100_as_4-a-1_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as dangerous as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
as_4-a-2500_as_4-a-25_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as dangerous as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
as_4-a-500_as_4-a-5_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as dangerous as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
as_4-b-100_as_4-b-1_kv_aurangabadshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_2	in the colder parts of the world bears hibernate from october to april before hibernating they eat a lot of food and become fat although bears have very poor eyesight and hearing they can smell very well and are very clever at the zoo you may have noticed how cleverly they beg for biscuits and nuts by sitting up and holding out their bears
as_4-d-1300_as_4-d-13_kv_iitpowai_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-426_1	bears are found in europe asia hibernate and america they have big bodies with short tails and thick legs polar bears which live in the coldest part of the world usually eat fish and seals when kept in cages or in zoos bears like to eat meat vegetables milk and rice bears are not quite as dangerous as we think they are like most animals they will do their best to keep away from us
as_5-a-2400_as_5-a-24_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
as_5-a-2400_as_5-a-24_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
as_5-a-500_as_5-a-5_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
as_5-a-500_as_5-a-5_kv_bhandupshift1_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
as_5-a-500_as_5-a-5_kv_solapur_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
as_5-a-500_as_5-a-5_kv_solapur_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_2	if you look at pictures of butterflies you will find that many of them have large black circles on their wings these look like eyes these eyes are very useful to the butterfly they help it to escape from its enemies a bird or a lizard which is trying to catch a butterfly mistakes these black circles for the creature's eyes it aims or tries to hit the eye but all that it gets is a bit of the wing
as_5-b-1400_as_5-b-14_kv_iitpowai_01092022-000000-1_EN-OL-RC-538_1	butterflies are surely some of the most beautiful creatures in the world they are beautiful because of the brilliant creatures of their wings if you look at a butterfly's wings through a magnifying glass you will see that they are covered with very small scales it is these scales which have colour without these scales the wings would be transparent the creatures on the wings make very fine creatures
